Title: Candied Yams

Ingredients:
1 (29 ounce) can sweet potatoes, drained 
¼ cup butter, cut into pieces 
½ cup brown sugar 
1 ½ cups miniature marshmallows 

Instructions:
 Although there's no rule against making candied yams any time you want, there are three times a year when candied yam recipes reach their peak popularity: Thanksgiving by far leads the way, with Christmas and Easter coming in a distant second and third.
 So, it's safe to say that if you're making candied yams, it's probably for a holiday feast. And with all the prep and cooking that goes into the holidays, it's no surprise that our Allrecipes home cooks appreciate an easy four-ingredient recipe like Candied Yams as a no-fuss side dish to round out their special holiday menus.
 This top-rated recipe for candied yams requires only four ingredients: canned sweet potatoes, butter, brown sugar, and miniature marshmallows. The prep time is a mere 15 minutes (if that much) and the baking time is 25 minutes. That all adds up to about 40 minutes from start to finish.
 Yams and sweet potatoes are not the same thing. What we call yams in the United States are actually sweet potatoes. Real yams are more akin to yucca, with dry and starchy flesh, and are usually hard to find in everyday grocery stores. Read the label on the canned yams called for in this recipe – it will most likely say something like "sweet potatoes in syrup." So when someone says "yams," we know they're probably talking about sweet potatoes.
 Read more: What's the Difference Between Yams and Sweet Potatoes
 Use about three or four medium sweet potatoes for the 29-ounce can of yams called for in the recipe. Be sure to peel, cut, and cook the raw sweet potatoes before proceeding with the rest of the recipe. You can boil, microwave, or bake the sweet potatoes until tender but not mushy.
 "Fantastic!" says Angela Oschefski. "I used fresh yams and just parboiled them instead of using canned but it was a super easy dish to make and delicious! I just served it for Thanksgiving this past weekend and everyone loved it!"
 "This is a fantastic basic recipe," says Lisa D. "Wonderful to build upon based on individual tastes. I added a tsp of vanilla, a sprinkle of salt and a decent dusting of cinnamon to the sweet potatoes, butter and brown sugar. I combined them all together in a bowl and then scooped it into a glass Pyrex dish."
 "I used the 29-ounce can of yams which made a small dish, thinking that no one would care much about yams since it is not a favorite of mine," says aph52. "I added some chopped walnuts and a pinch of nutmeg and cinnamon to the brown sugar. The dish was devoured quickly and almost everyone requested seconds."
 You might also like:
 Editorial contributions by Vanessa Greaves
 Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
 Place drained sweet potatoes in a medium baking dish. Distribute butter pieces evenly over the sweet potatoes.
 Sprinkle with brown sugar. Layer with miniature marshmallows.
 Bake in the preheated oven until sweet potatoes are tender and marshmallows have melted, about 20 to 25 minutes.
 Enjoy!